Rebranding to Sonata Flow (#161)
kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Configuration

> A configmap called `sonataflow-operator-builder-config` will be created under the `kogito-workflows` namespace

Reviewer: According to the `operator.yaml` it is `sonataflow-operator-system`.

```suggestion
A configmap called `sonataflow-operator-builder-config` will be created under the `sonataflow-operator-system` namespace
```

Author: This was wrong before! 😓

### Workflow CR

> - The converter from a SonataFlow CR to a Kogito compliant JSON ready for the build is supporting only the

Author: This is not true anymore, removing it.
